Hi. I'm Krishna.
scene-0-line-1
Not the Founder.
scene-0-line-2
Not the CEO.
scene-0-line-3
Just Krishna.
scene-1-line-0
Thank you for taking a few minutes to listen.
scene-1-line-1
Before I tell you about Close Eye,
scene-1-line-2
I want to tell you about one day that changed my life.
scene-2-line-0
A little while ago, on the 16th of June,
scene-2-line-1
my daughter was born.
scene-2-line-2
It was the happiest day of my life.
scene-2-line-3
But somehow, it was also one of the loneliest.
scene-3-line-0
In that room, there were only a few of us.
scene-3-line-1
My wife. Our new baby.
scene-3-line-2
My sister-in-law, who stayed with us the whole time.
scene-3-line-3
And my parents.
scene-3-line-4
Everyone else I loved was far away.
scene-4-line-0
There was no crowd outside the door.
scene-4-line-1
No phone ringing again and again.
scene-4-line-2
For a few minutes, everything was quiet.
scene-4-line-3
I held my daughter for the first time.
scene-4-line-4
I wanted to tell the whole world.
scene-4-line-5
But I realised — I had almost no one to call.
scene-5-line-0
Then one thought came to my mind.
scene-5-line-1
The same thought every parent has:
scene-5-line-2
“What will happen to her if something happens to me?”
scene-5-line-3
I didn't want someone to replace her family.
scene-5-line-4
I wanted something that could make her family stronger.
scene-5-line-5
Someone she can trust — when we can't be there.
scene-6-line-0
Then I understood something.
scene-6-line-1
Millions of families feel this same way.
scene-6-line-2
Parents getting older.
scene-6-line-3
Children living far away, in other countries.
scene-6-line-4
Grandparents missing birthdays.
scene-6-line-5
Every night, someone is thinking: “Are they okay?”
scene-7-line-0
That was the moment Close Eye became real for me.
scene-7-line-1
It was no longer just an idea.
scene-7-line-2
It became my responsibility.
scene-7-line-3
So that no family has to face life's big moments alone.
scene-8-line-0
We don't replace families. We make them stronger.
scene-8-line-1
We don't replace sons and daughters.
scene-8-line-2
We help them stay close, even from far away.
scene-8-line-3
We help families care for each other —
scene-8-line-4
with love, respect, and trust.
scene-9-line-0
Every visit. Every message.
scene-9-line-1
Every companion. Every call.
scene-9-line-2
Is a family trusting us.
scene-9-line-3
When you join Close Eye,
scene-9-line-4
you are not just joining a company.
scene-9-line-5
You are becoming someone's trusted presence.
scene-10-line-0
That day, I made one more promise.
scene-10-line-1
Close Eye should not grow only for its founders.
scene-10-line-2
It should grow with the people who build it.
scene-10-line-3
Work like an owner. Be honest. Protect trust.
scene-10-line-4
Because trust is not built by software.
scene-10-line-5
Trust is built by people.
scene-11-line-0
Every year, on the 16th of June,
scene-11-line-1
we will celebrate Family Day.
scene-11-line-2
To remember why Close Eye exists —
scene-11-line-3
that every request is a real family,
scene-11-line-4
and that no app can replace a real person being there.
scene-12-line-0
One day, I hope you will meet my daughter.
scene-12-line-1
Not because she is our brand.
scene-12-line-2
But because she reminds us why this work matters.
scene-12-line-3
Every child deserves grandparents.
scene-12-line-4
Every grandparent deserves a child's laughter.
scene-12-line-5
And every family deserves to stay close,
scene-12-line-6
however far apart they live.
scene-13-line-0
Please remember one thing.
scene-13-line-1
Every notification. Every call.
scene-13-line-2
Every visit. Every decision.
scene-13-line-3
Is about someone's family.
scene-13-line-4
Because of your work, someone will sleep peacefully tonight.
scene-13-line-5
This is our responsibility.
scene-13-line-6
This is our honour.
scene-13-line-7
Welcome to Close Eye.
scene-13-line-8
Thank you for believing in this mission.
scene-13-line-9
Thank you for becoming part of Close Eye.
scene-13-line-10
Together, let's build the world's most trusted presence network.